BZ1907885: clarify what configuration is copied by --copy-network (#33538)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/installation-user-infra-machines-advanced.adoc

$ coreos-installer install --copy-network \
     --ignition-url=http://host/worker.ign /dev/sda
----
+
[IMPORTANT]
====

> The `--copy-network` option will only copy configuration files found under `/etc/NetworkManager/system-connections`.

Reviewer: What about something like:

```suggestion
The `--copy-network` option only copies networking configuration found under `/etc/NetworkManager/system-connections`. In particular, it does not copy the system hostname.
```

That could help users who don't know where the hostname lives.
